what do you guys reckon ten points for
every kid on you I could almost get 20
points wash up the truest how you gon
get good let's go get us good do I can I
got here
look it's a furnace working my Widow GPS
mouth
it's actually just mounting my phone
it's a bit hard to see in the somewhat
but when some lady invites me round and
I have to sleep in the other night I'll
be able to get there
who
all right let's fucking let's fly on
this corner bitches froth over that shit
I can get right over and
the thing I really want to talk to you
guys about today
is Marta vlogging hipsters
we are dying there's some prostrating
ship right there
those are real period last year by last
year where everyone go to bit mad that
other bowlers had success
and jealousy is not a pretty color so
they've been aa aa under a good lot of
all these other ones i watch and you're
like which ones are the good ones into
that everyone on the 50 subs is a real
voter because it's not about subscribers
relax all these I like the ones to thank
it any views like sure give bagging
hipster nobody wants to hear that shit
let's be happy because the more subs the
big people get that filters through to
the little people the more motherfucking
a seen such a sure was like
I remember one JK only had 10,000 tops
he was a much better video marika back
then now it's like it doesn't even care
anymore
I sent him a message on his Facebook
page and he didn't respond to me he
doesn't care about us little people so I
back off they were building a ship today
if I was that big i would never sell out
and sell products why would I want to be
successful as everything all
oh yeah
I like the smaller travels
that's what they all sound like as well
FBI
if it's shot at my head there guy
oh and Paul the special honor 50
subscribers go home oh
that's where the real motherfucking come
from
or if someone's like oh man I wish I
could get some more subscribers of years
I'm creating content and I would much
prefer to people saw that content I
write comments of like oh it's not about
the views man Oh
no tears about it is
it's got me making videos for you ah so
I well if you're making videos for you
you wouldn't need to put them on YouTube
their module you just keep on the
computer you wouldn't have to worry
about your internet I'm a quality
degrading and all that shit like but you
just got to make them for you
it's not about put anyone else thinks so
I will fuckin YouTube is specifically
for showing other people ship all right
fucking apes in tuolumne out of use you
know you want as many people to see your
content sure you can be like well that
gives me a reason to continue providing
content
there's no one's gonna make a thousand
videos on YouTube they get out on
thousand uploads and like three
subscribers because it's like
what are you doing man
whatever that's just my two cents I
don't care attribute care about other
people's only covered me I'm a big power
I don't care about little people
oh I mean you guys can you guys can take
that about the guys but whether the same
view is just more people watch the
videos that is the only difference
it's not like they're trained actors in
a profession that's like they make the
same shit as you do they just make it
better you know get good
I mean people have the same cameras ism
over the same microphones this I have
the same header set up
but the contents others funny in the
other days I was funny so yeah that's
the shit you're elegant of focus on
a rap being son
I'm really trying to get my auto cause
he utters watch I'm struggling with us
see ya
that's for the difference between me and
one of the big guys is uh they put much
more effort into making sure they're
shut up his tippy top
fuck I gotta hear this
I mean this one a long
so much do this way are great right here
buddy
go around trusting you
well yeah that's my little rant about
the hipsters of my Diwali you are not on
camera mom yeah so you know
paul's government below if you have
anything to add this conversation
make sure you like the video and
subscribe
not like me
you got
my show yourself or your friends
a lot of limited
and isn't laughs really about making me
feel good